Bard client MVP (SCP-2638) (#1)
DataBiosphere/bard-client: README.md

# bard-client
JavaScript library for shared client-side analytics across DSP

# Overview

This library is designed to be imported by custom analytics code in Data
Sciences Platform (DSP) web UIs like Terra and Single Cell Portal.  It supplies
them with properties common across DSP, like "referrer", "browser",

> "screen width", and more.

Reviewer: I might add a comment here along the lines of `eventually, this library may be expanded to also include both a utility 'logToBard' method, and or default instrumentation of events, but for now its focus is on standardizing a set of event properties.`

Author: Agreed, done in 0c81ec6.

Those custom analytics modules post to
[Bard server](https://github.com/DataBiosphere/bard), which posts to Mixpanel.

# Installation

Install Bard client [from NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@databiosphere/bard-client) like so:

```
yarn add @databiosphere/bard-client
```

# Usage

Below is a simplified custom analytics module.

> With two extra lines for Bard client code, we can augment those custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding two lines for Bard client code--an import and a call to getDefaultProperties-- we can augment those custom
```

analytics with default properties shared across all DSP.

```

> import { getDefaultProperties } from '@databiosphere/bard-client' // Extra line 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { getDefaultProperties } from '@databiosphere/bard-client' // importing the function from bard-client
```

function logToBard(name, customProps={}) {
  const appPath = trimPrivateData(window.location.pathname)

  const props = Object.assign(customProps, {
    appId: 'awesome-dsp-web-ui',
    appPath

>   }, getDefaultProperties()) // Extra line 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  }, getDefaultProperties()) // appending the default properties to the payload sent to bard
```
